hello everyone my name is Katherine
sippin area and I too am so excited
about this opportunity so thank you so
much Paula Dean and crafts Philadelphia
Cream Cheese for this wonderful
experience I know there's a lot of great
women out there who love to cook and are
so excited to be able to do this so
thank you so much so today I'm going to
cook for you a creamy corn casserole now
this is a casserole that has been around
for a while but I've taken it add a
little twist to it and one of that twist
is obviously adding this wonderful
creamy cream cheese and it makes it have
such a warm wonderful tangy flavor so
this is such a great recipe I think to
have on one of those rainy days when
you're looking for that little comfort
food it's just one of the simple recipes
you throw it together and come in and
just get that comfort food that you're
really looking for so I think everyone
out there is gonna really enjoy this
recipe and have a good time with it so
let's get started okay so let's begin
first we start off with an 8 and a half
ounce box of corn muffin mix we just
pour that into our Bowl pop in one can
of drained corn one can of creamed corn
have a stick of melted butter two eggs I
know you're really supposed to look at
these but I kind of looked at that
before I put it in so you make sure that
there's your good eggs but cheating
hello
how'd those look good and you know I've
learned I think I might have got this
tip from Paula but if you do get a shell
in your bowl if you take this show and
you actually get it out with the shell
itself and it really doesn't work so I
think probably you may have given me
that tip I can't remember fit with you
but I know it was somebody on the Food
Network so that's a great tip and last
but not least well there's actually one
more twist to this but the best part of
this recipe of course is the one whole
block eight ounces of Philadelphia Cream
Cheese now this is the part that I added
for this contest obviously but I'm
telling you it really makes a difference
in this casserole we've made this before
but not with the cream cheese and but I
discovered this because it makes it so
much better it's just super rich and
creamy and tangy just gonna love it I
know you're gonna want to add it to make
this on Earth maybe a rainy day like I
said it's just really really comforting
so I'm gonna just mix this all together
really simple just takes a few minutes
here to kind of blend all the
ingredients together you can see that
first card now I learned to cook from my
mom and basically my aunt's and my
grandmother I come from a very large
Italian family and a lot of great cooks
and so I feel very grateful and
fortunate that I did
a lot of people teaching me and giving
me such great experiences in cooking and
that's really where I learned to cook
and I think you know sitting around the
table and eating food with family that's
just the best thing that you can do and
just love it so so happy to have this
opportunity okay now we're gonna take
about five pieces of bacon you can add a
little more a little less depending on
you know your own flavor what you like
but I think this here is another little
last ingredient I decided to add and it
really gives it that extra little crunch
and crisp innocent you know bacon makes
everything taste better so just mix that
in the last couple minute there see it
just all creamy together Oh YUM a that
cream cheese in there Oh cannot wait
till this is done
okay now all you do is take it pour it
into your casserole dish oh just look so
rich and yummy full of great flavor
spread it all out
get that last little bit of drops in
there coz that's so good you don't leave
anything behind if you can okay
look how great that looks can't wait
till it cooks up now all you're gonna do
is bake this in an oven 350 degrees for
about 30 to 45 minutes you know you
might want to check your oven some cook
faster than others I do like to cook
this in a convection oven so I lower the
temperature to 325 because when you're
doing the convection remember you need
to lower your temperature and it also
cooks a lot faster so you want to watch
the temperature at least at 2530 minutes
if you're doing convection watch it and
make sure it doesn't burn so it should
get nice and fluffy at the end and just
warm past all so let's put it in the
oven okay so we just got it out of the
oven and it smells fabulous I wish I
could get this smell over to you because
oh you couldn't wait to die then it
looks nice and golden and it did take
about 40 minutes because I'm at my
sister's house and she doesn't have
convection so it took a little bit
longer so let's dig in cuz I don't think
I can wait much longer
oh look how creamy and rich oh that is
excellent perfect it is gonna be a
little soft and dewy inside cuz that's
all that wonderful cream cheese inside
there that gives it that Tang eNOS and
oh I can smell the bacon and that sweet
corn I have to take a little bit more
because it just looks so good I'm gonna
want more all right
Oh for the tasting the part I've been
really waiting for
mmm
I've got a piece of that bacon I can
taste the creaminess of that cream
cheese with just a little bit of Tang
and warm mmm I know you're not gonna be
able to wait to make this so please try
it so thank you so much for joining me
for my little cooking session of my side
dish and I will see you next week with
my appetizer and thank you so much to
Philadelphia Cream Cheese oh love it
thanks see you next time bye